damn sonik up yeah of course he wanted a
key Kjetil at home I thank you so much I
feel government how come there's so much
higher than me as well it's kind of a
PowerPoint yeah yeah it does seem
particularly ridiculous right now
oh that's okay listen if they legalize
marijuana in Washington DC you can be
higher than me how are you thank you for
car feel good thank you did a great job
with me tweets by the way you know I
have to say though those weren't that
mean I mean look I've got to tell you
you should see what the Senate says
about it
that was the stuff do you ever
physically tweet yourself or did
somebody do that
I do not physically tweet in general
there there are times where they I'm
responding like a particular issue we're
trying to get something out and you know
I'll get on there so that I'm
interacting with I see well you people
are something like that on a special
event generally speaking I got some
other stuff to do do you test
uh I don't text I email I still have a
blackberry because I can't I I am one
the one old guy to look at somebody
might generation you know we I can't use
phones with recorders in them so Oh a
lot of the newfangled stuff for security
reasons I don't get do you have Hillary
Clinton's new email address I can't
share it with you I don't think she'd
want you to have it she specifically
mentioned that I don't want me to know
what you're going on Kimmel it asks for
the email address no way you give young
kids and of course every parent has to
talk to their kids about going on social
media but you especially must have to
say to your daughters don't go don't do
anything or host anything don't ever
handle anything don't do that I mean it
looked that they all have their
smartphones and their texting with their
friends that they're doing all the stuff
that the teenagers are doing oh boy yeah
Michelle and I try to emphasize to them
that they don't want to be in on TMZ
yeah right
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel are you sad that the
video is over will subscribe to our
YouTube channel and you will never be
sad again ever
you